My 15 year old Daughter has sores in her mouth.She also has flu-like symptoms.Is this possible?Thank You.

I am a 20 year old girl from Austria, have been to many doctors but no one listens. I got two huge problems which prevent me from doing my beloved sport!
I run since age 16 and never had problems, I always wore proper shoes. Last year I joined gymnastics too and I got very bad posterior shin splints on the right leg. After a few weeks I stopped training and iced it to get rid of inflammation. I am not in training since 3 months now, all I did was walking the dog a lot. I went to several doctor, and one told me I have a huge overpronation and I got insoles.
Now the pain is all gone, but I still got kind of a "pressure" on the shin bone when I jump. I want to become a sports teacher since ever and training starts next week. I got 1 time track and field and 4 times gymnastics training each week. What can I do to prevent gettig shin splints again? 
I won't go running and in track and field training I will wear good shoes with insoles. In free time I will try to walk on the "outer part" of the foot. But in gymnastics I cannot wear any shoes!
What can I do and what is my prognosis of getting it back?
Second problem are my arms. I got a pulling pain in the whole arm especially in the upper arm. It gets worse with weight training (biceps curls) but also from stretching and supporting myself while tumbling. When its worst my inner part of the elbow hurts like hell and its a pulling pain in the whole arm. There is no redness, swelling or bruising and it doens't get worse when I touch it. Nerves have been checked but everythink ok.
I guess its due to stretching my shoulders a lot so I got elbow strains! I switched to rhythmic gymnastics so I won't have to work on my arm strength as much as in artistic gymnastics, I won't do pull-ups or bars, just walkovers, handsprings and stuff like that, but they all require a big flexibility in the shoulders. Now it is better because I didn't train for weeks but as soon as I stretch or do walkovers I cann feel the light pulling in my arm connecting to the elbow and a light "pressure" an the inner elbow. What can I do prevent it and how is the diagnosis of never getting this again with proper measures?
Does one of these problems mean I won't be able to continue training to reach my dream-job as a sports teacher?
I would really appreciate any kind of help!
Thanks,
Kate

My wife had a headache for 3 days. Today she became nauseous on the way home after lunch. She has now vomited six times. She has ache in joints. She has no strength. Continues to feel as if hit by bowling ball just below the chest. What can I do to help her.

Hello, I practice ashtanga yoga once or twice a week and ride my bicycle around town. Yesterday evening I went to a yoga session and was taught a new posture that required a high level of flexibility in my knees, in addition to performing several others in the same session that are normally demanding on knees, and then I rode home on my bike. 
I've never had a problem before with my knees (I'm hyper-flexible so I've always taken care to try and not overextend my joints), but after my session I noticed a bulbous lump behind my knee. It doesn't hurt, really, but I feel stiffness, weakness and a general feeling of "I should not be doing this" pressure in the area when I walk or move my knee. I did my research, of course. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baker's_cyst ...and I'm keeping off my feet and taking ibuprofen. 
I only recently signed up for health insurance a week ago and haven't received my policy papers yet in the mail. I'm not sure if I should wait to receive them and meanwhile see if it gets better, or if I should go to a doctor tomorrow. I should also note that I have no idea how much it would cost if my insurance is not in effect and I'm currently in between paychecks. 
Lastly, how long must the average person generally wait for it to heal/go away? Are we talking a week of no exercise and little walking, just sitting down, or less time, or more? Thanks in advance!

Gender: Male
Age: 28
Wt:68KG
HT:5'4""
I have been gone through inguinal hernia operation around 10 years back.Hernia operation were done in right side.It went through mesh repair.Recently I had lifted heavy wight,after wards I am feeling swelling internally and bit pain in the region operation happened.I have taken around 1 week complete bed rest,after that swelling had gone,but now again I can feel swelling internally.Is this signing anything?

I have chronic neck pain. The only med I have access to is an indocin suppository but it was expired in 2010. Is it dangerous to use?

Sir,
I am 25 years old and a gym enthusiast. i had a ACL tear in my left knee two years back, but after 4 months of rest i returned to my routine. From the last 1 year i have started to feel joint pains, weakness and joints feel very fragile. I got a vitamin D test done, 3 months back, in which Vitamin D came out to be 13 ng/ml. I started a 60000 IU (once a week) dose followed by 1000 IU (daily) maintenance dosage. When i got it done again recently,Vitamin D came out to be 117 ng/ml. My questions are:-
1. Has vitamin D deficiency been cured?? or the levels came high because i was on supplementation?
2. I still feel the same weakness. My stamina has dropped down very very low. Is it because of the deficiency?and how can it be cured now?
3. I cant even throw a ball hard, my elbow and shoulder joints hurt. is it the same reason?.
4. I am not able to run now more than 200 mtrs now, whereas earlier i could easily run 4 kms. I start to feel intense lactic acid build up in legs and intense breathing (fatigue).
Please help sir, as i am unable to get the desired answers from anyone.
Regards

Hi Doctor,
My brother will be undergoing tomorrow fistulactomy. he is suffering with fistula in ano (Peri anal fistula) with anal fissures. external opening at 5'clock position and internal lower anal canal opening at 6'clock position.
Pl suggest how can this Fistulactomy Operation, how much time it will take for patient to recover. Pl suggest me further I have to follow Post Operation care.
Waiting for your kind reply.
Thanks and regards.

My son has abnormal blood test results come back with Low counts of WBC and Lymphocytes and high percentage of Von Willebrand Factor Antigen and Factor Viii Activity......We now have our first hematologist appt this Friday and I can not wait to get some kind of answers....Does anybody else know any possible reasons his test could be abnormal in these ranges? Do you know what sort of test a hematologist would maybe order?? Thank You.
I know that it says low levels could mean you have VWD but he is testing in the High percentage for both VBF and Factor Viii and low in WBC and Lymphocytes.

My daughter had loose motion and after that she has skin infection near toilet and urine pass area. Its reddish and boilish.

Hello, I think my wife ate some bad cantaloupe/watermelon last night. She started throwing up a couple hours later. She has been throwing up (now dry heaves) all night - past six hours.
Her stomach is hurting her - should I take her to the emergency room. We are wondering if the emergency room would be able to do anything for the pain in her stomach - if there is little they can do but wait it out - we can do that without wasting a trip in. There is no blood in her vomit - just cantaloupe and now just water. 
She is 53 yers old.

Woke up two days ago feeling like a was walking on a cloud. All my movements feel like they are slow motion it's is like I have to really think about how I need to move my body. I have felt this way before but it has always been when I wake up in the middle of the night and can't fall back asleep. The last time it happened was over a year ago and it always cures it self one I get some sleep but this time it doesn't seem to do the trick. My breathing and speech are fine but it is hard to think clearly. All of the strange feeling are in my sense of touch and motion.

Hi doc, I am a skinny lady who is quite prone to bruising and usually they are on my legs and nowhere else. Most of the bruises i had were due to hitting onto something hard or due to some injuries which I can recall of. This morning when i woke up, I found this thumb sized bruise on my left leg which i couldnt really remember whats the cause of it and I started panicking and the first thought that came across my mind was cancer (leukaemia). This new bruise on my leg isnt those reddish purplish or bumpy kind of bruises.. Its flat and greenish in colour which is quite fade. I am really worried its cancer related issues.. I dont have any other symptoms other than this bruises.

Dear Dr,
I was operated for a discal hernia 19 years ago,and started to have severe pains in my lower back preading down to my Right foot for the last 30 days,i have consulted a general practinioner before consulting a sopecialist,i have done X-Ray's and and an MRI yesterday just to make sure i am well aware of my medical case before any specialist diagnosis,i need to know what are my options for the treatment to come (Currently i am on a pain killers like Valtarein or Diclo..)
Regards
George

Both my toe thumbs get abnormally dry and itchy and when itch the skin peels of and it bleeds at times too....i used moisturizer thinking that its just dryness but no matter how much i apply, its never good enough to hydrate the toes. Is something i should be worried about? Also the dryness has led to a cut in one of the toes. I think its also important to mention that i have psoriasis, on both my elbows. My mother has both psoriasis and eczema.

Sir, 
I am having problem with my face. It lost its shine.its having little spots also. It is dull nowdays.
Please help me. And give suggestions to improve my face.
What medicine should i take? ( medicine should be available in india )
What food should i take?
Is there any home made receipe?
How long will it take to cure my face and gain its shine?
Please give suggestion to cure my face as soon as possible.
Thank you...

Hi there, 
I have a small lump under the skin on my scalp which you cannot see but can feel. I have seen a doctor about it and he has told me its a sebaceous cyst. My main concern is it has gotten bigger and a bit harder since i went to the doctors which was only two months ago he said it would take years to grow. I have been playing with it a bit so i am not sure if maybe thats why its gotton bigger or not? Im a bit worried it may be cancerous is this possible? Should i get a second opinion? The doctor just felt it and told me straight away it was a cyst there was no testing which is was worries me. 
If you could give me some advice it would be much appreciated.
Thanks
Kayla

I am 29/f and have anxiety and ulcerative colitis. The past 5 days I have been experiencing pain all over my body but in different spots at different times. Mostly my lower back legs and chest. I am worried what it may be but dont want to go to the er. I have noticed the past month I have been losing hair and have been sleeping a lot too. The leg pain is keeping me up at night.

I am suffering with constant vomiting and fall in ill often. This is due to HBV increase in blood and the doctor says that the HBV is present in DNA. I am planning to get marry in next 3 months. Can this be cured?????? Please help
Hi, One of my friend is suffering from "Shortness of Breath" and this generally occurs twice or thrice in a fortnight and this sysmptom is not dependent on carrying out any heavy physical activity. Although he smokes/drink occassionally. 
So was just wiling to know is this "Shortness of Breath" is being caused as a part of development of any cancer tissue or if this is not then, will this issue can lead to developing cancer?
Although on carrying out few medical tests it was found that the issue may had occured because of anemia but if this is just becuase of anemia then I would like to bring one thing in one notice that then the severity of the "shortness of breath" should not have to be very accute. And yes, he is not having any allergic symptoms.
Please advice what is the likelihood of cancer in this case.

I just recently got over a diagnosis of colitis. I'm 24 years old 6"1 215lbs. I run 5-6 times per week and very healthy. Last wednesday I went to the doctor because i was having bloating, cramping and pain in my lower left abdomen. They diagnosed it with colitis and gave me meds to take for several days and then to come back for a follow up a week later. Yesterday i went for my follow up and things have gotten 99 percent better. The meds have worked and most of cramping bloating is gone. The doctor believed it was just an infection of the colon etc. Well yesterday after my visit I started having diaherrea. I did have blood work, urine tests and my stool all tested and examined and everything was completely fine. The doctor did not want to do a CT scan because my condition has improved almost completely and did not want to expose me to the radiation. The diaherrea is now gone, but there is a full feeling/discomfort now under my right rib cage. It does not hurt it just feels weird like there is extra air in there and sometimes I feel it a little bit in my upper right side of my back. Not painful just discomfort. I'm starting to wonder...I talked to the doctor about the poss of it being cancer or a tumor or liver cancer and he said highly unlikely. Could this be happening because the infection may not totally be out of my body or do you think this is cancer etc/something serious? These symptoms just started happening yesterday after my follow up and I have felt 99 percent better since taking the medicine etc. Is this something I should be worried about and should I go back to the doctor for this??? Please help...if additional info is needed let me know.

I accidentally burned myself on the forearm about a week ago. Immediately the top layer of skin was burned off leaving an open wound. I don't believe it was too deep, maybe just a few layers of skin deep. It is almost a perfect circle, the size of a pepperoni (looks like one too haha). I am a bit concerned that it may be infected. When it first happened I immediately put it under cold water for about 10-15 minutes and applied silver sulfadizine on it that i had left over at home from a previous incident. No blister was formed but the skin keeps scabbing up. I had it covered with a bandage but whenever I took the bandage off, the newly formed tissue/scab would come right off with the bandage. I am not too sure if that is what I want to happen or not to happen. The past two days i have been keeping it uncovered but keeping it as clean as I can. Still hurts to the touch and a yellowish liquid comes out whenever the scab is either cut open accidentally from daily actions or highly irritated. Is this normal or what should I do to follow up with this issue. I didn't think it was serious enough for real medical attention and thats my last option. Hopefully one of you can give me some insight.

Please type your questions here. You can choI had a lasik surgery in both eyes where the eye measu. Is before Left Sph. -5.75 / Cyl. - 0.5/ Axis 150 Right Sph. -4.5 / Cyl. -1 / Axis 40 Post lasik readings After: Left : Sph +0.25 / Cyl. 0 / Axis same Right:Sph +1 / Cyl. -2 /Axis same My problem now is in the right eye why astgmatism increases even worse than initial and my doctor said this could be jst blur from the surgery and might improve otherwise I will have to go to enhacement surgery is it a Dr mistake in settings or a natural reflection from eyes , could u advise what could be the posible reason behind the deterioration of the right eye cyl and the no improvememnt of the left eye cyl.ose the specialty and upl

Dear sir,
I developed patch on scalp where majority of hair fell down 2 months earlier.
Now some yello pus is coming from the patches, though there is no swelling.
Please help.

Hi, I got the Blood report done for my dad and in it the Amylase value found is 218.92 U/L the normal range given is 28-100 U/L and the Lipase value found is 87 the Normal range given is 5.6-51.3 U/I . Kindly advice me on this and the consequences and whether the values are too high?

I was admitted to the hospital with acute pancreatitis. After 8 days i was discharged as my lipase and amylase were returning back to normal gradually. CET Abdomen was also done which read "the pacreas shows mild difuse hypo enhancement with hypo attenuation. There are mild peri pancreatic inflammatory changes without any areas of fat necrosis extending into anterior para renal spacrs. No definite pseudo-cyst formation or focal necrosis is seen. The findings are suggestive of acute oedematous pancreatitis with modified CT severity index of 2/10". This was done on 26th august before being discharged. I repeated LFT and lypase and amylase on 10th october and it had further gone normal. The readings were Amylase= 81 (ref range 28 to 100). Lypase= 54 (ref range < 67). LFT was normal as well. However on 13th october the pain started again on the upper right quadrant of the abdomen in the night. Since then a slight continuous pain persists. I had eaten some fried stuff on 13th october afternoon. Kindly suggest what needs to be done as i am scared that it might be recurrence of the same situation. I have been strictly on light diet since i came back from hospital. 

Have red pimples on tip of tongue with white borders off and on for months.

For 2 weeks now, i've been having bad stomach aches.. my bowels are black. i'm fine when my stomach is empty, but as soon as i eat, it feels as though there's a bowling ball in my stomach. 
Whats wrong with me??

I developed a cold or sinus infection on Friday and on Saturday evening and night I had a lot of drainage. Now on Sunday, the phlegm this morning was thick and discolored but not so much this afte3rnoon--however, when I cough my back hurts a little. Can you advise if the back pain is something I need to look into or is it part of the recovery process?

hi i am from chennai my daughter is three and half years old her weight is 13 kg she is having bad cold cough and mild fever can u suggest any antibiotic for her a I'm worried because i am traveling to my native (ambur) tomorrow

Hi Doctor,
I am having fever from last 6 days with continuous headache. I am having paracetamol on regular interval but my fever is not decreasing from 100 degree, sometimes it reaches to 103 degree as well, Because of fever my appetite is also reducing day by day.
I got it checked from doctor and she suggested me to get some blood test done.
On 8 th Oct My my Leucocytes count was 4200 (Normal Range- 4000-11000 cu.mm) and my Platelets count was 1.85 (Normal Range - 1.5-4.5 Lakh/cu.mm), But on 11th Oct my my Leucocytes count was decreased to 388 from 4200 and platelet count 1.42 from 1.85.
Then i had 
Dengue Antibody IGM - Not Detected
Dengue Antibody lgG- Not Detected
Dengue NS1 Antigen - Negative
Malaria Parasite/Blood Parasite Identification - No MP Seen in smears examined.
Then i had Complete Blood Count Test, There
RBC Count is showing low - Current is 4.24 (Normal - 4.50-5.50)
MCH is showing High - 33.70 (Normal - 27.00-32.00)
MCHC is showing high - 35.80 (Normal - 32.00-35.00)
Red Cell Distribution Width is high- 15.20 (Normal - 11.50-14.50)
Differentiaql Lecocyte Count (DLC)
Eosinophils is showing NILL-0.00 (Normal 1.00-6.00)
Absolute Leucocyte Count
Eosinophills is showing NILL - 0.00 (Normal 0.02-0.50)
Its been 6 days and i am still having fever, kindly suggest what could be the reason? please also help me understanding that if i dont have dengue, why my platelets count is decreasing.
Regards

